README.md, before:

# Online course recommendation system

This is Online course recommendation system built with python Flask framework. This systems operate using a single input, like course keywords or category. 

This system make use of Content-based filtering approach. It utilize a series of discrete, pre-tagged characteristics of online course like course category, language, rating, etc. in order to recommend additional courses with similar properties.

![](./screenshots/header.png)

## Installation

### 1. Start docker-compose file with admin privilege
    sudo docker-compose up 

### 2. Open following URL
    http://127.0.0.1:5000/


## Usage example

#### 1. Search for specific course e.g. html, aws, ccna
![](./screenshots/step1.png)

or you can select category from list

![](./screenshots/step2.png)

#### 2. Specific courses matching to your keyword will shown to you. 

![](./screenshots/step3.png)

#### 3. Now select any course, system will give you recommendation related to that course.

![](./screenshots/step4.png)

#### 4. You can select any course and system will keep showing you courses similar to selected course.

## Technologies Used

1. Framework - Python Flask
2. Front-End - HTML
3. Database - MySQL DB hosted on AWS RDS  

### AWS RDS Connection :  

##### host : 'aws-db.c870dqshvtvk.ap-south-1.rds.amazonaws.com'

##### user : 'admin'

##### password : 'rootadmin'

##### database : 'dataset2'

##### table : udemy_courses

Commit message:

Add- Dataset in csv file Modify: README.md file for AWS database connection instruction

README.md, after:

# Online course recommendation system

This is Online course recommendation system built with python Flask framework. This systems operate using a single input, like course keywords or category. 

This system make use of Content-based filtering approach. It utilize a series of discrete, pre-tagged characteristics of online course like course category, language, rating, etc. in order to recommend additional courses with similar properties.

![](./screenshots/header.png)

## Installation

### 1. Start docker-compose file with admin privilege
    sudo docker-compose up 

### 2. Open following URL
    http://127.0.0.1:5000/


## Usage example

#### 1. Search for specific course e.g. html, aws, ccna
![](./screenshots/step1.png)

or you can select category from list

![](./screenshots/step2.png)

#### 2. Specific courses matching to your keyword will shown to you. 

![](./screenshots/step3.png)

#### 3. Now select any course, system will give you recommendation related to that course.

![](./screenshots/step4.png)

#### 4. You can select any course and system will keep showing you courses similar to selected course.

## Technologies Used

1. Framework - Python Flask
2. Front-End - HTML
3. Database - MySQL DB hosted on AWS RDS  

#### You can check dataset use for project in csv format at - [Dataset](./sample_dataset/online_courses_dataset.csv)  
![]()
or connnect to AWS RDS database
### AWS RDS Connection :  

##### host : 'aws-db.c870dqshvtvk.ap-south-1.rds.amazonaws.com'

##### user : 'admin'

##### password : 'rootadmin'

##### database : 'dataset2'

##### table : udemy_courses

#### You can use following URL to connect to AWS MySQL database through mysql client

> mysql -h aws-db.c870dqshvtvk.ap-south-1.rds.amazonaws.com -P 3306 -u admin -p

> passowrd: rootadmin
